DOCSP-33158: unsupported builders expressions (#79)
mongodb/docs-visual-studio-extension: source/code-type/builders.txt

      .. figure:: /includes/images/fluent-api-popup.png
         :alt: Screenshot of Fluent API with an information message displayed in Visual Studio.

.. include:: /includes/error-list-window.rst

.. _mongodb-analyzer-unsupported-builders:

Unsupported Builder Expressions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If your builder expression is not supported, the {+product-short+} outputs a
``MABuilders2001`` warning.

Click the following tabs to see a code snippet containing an unsupported builder expression
and the corresponding warning message displayed by the {+product-short+}:

> .. tabs::

Reviewer: I don't understand why we're using tabs here. I think this can be written out in sequence, and the first image isn't actually necessary since the annotation appears in the second image as well.

Author: This section just copied the format of the same section on the LINQ page. I can re-format both sections to make them more streamlined.

   .. tab:: Code Snippet
      :tabid: code-snippet

>       The following code snippet contain builder expressions that
>       accesses the unsupported ``Length`` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The following code snippet contains a builder expression that
      accesses the unsupported ``Length`` property:
```
